The Esma Sultan Mansion (Turkish: "Esma Sultan Yalısı" ), a historical yalı (English: waterside mansion ) located at Bosphorus in Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey and named after its original owner Esma Sultan, is used today as a cultural center after being redeveloped.
The Oikos University shooting occurred on April 2, 2012, when a gunman shot at people inside Oikos University, a Korean Christian college in Oakland, California, United States. Within a few hours, the number of reported fatalities reached seven. 43-year-old One L. Goh, a former student at the school, was taken into custody and identified as the suspect in the shootings. Along with the California State University, Fullerton massacre, this was the fourth-deadliest university shooting in United States history, after the Virginia Tech massacre, the University of Texas Clock Tower shooting, and the Umpqua Community College shooting, and the eighth-deadliest U.S. school massacre overall. It is also considered the deadliest mass killing in the city's history.
The Random House Tower, also known as the Park Imperial Apartments, is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City, United States, that is used as the headquarters of book publisher Random House and a luxury apartment complex. The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors, while the apartment complex entrance is on West 56th Street.
Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi (] ; 9 or 10 October 1813 – 27 January 1901) was an Italian opera composer.
Henry Roth (February 8, 1906 – October 13, 1995) was an American novelist and short story writer.
James Jonah Cummings (born November 3, 1952) is an American voice actor and singer, who has appeared in almost 400 roles. He is known for voicing the title character from "Darkwing Duck", Dr. Robotnik from "Sonic the Hedgehog", and Pete. His other characters include Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, and the Tasmanian Devil. He has performed in numerous Disney and DreamWorks animations including "Aladdin", "The Lion King", "Balto", "Antz", "The Road to El Dorado", "Shrek", and "The Princess and the Frog". He has also provided voice-over work for video games, such as "Icewind Dale", "Fallout", "", "Baldur's Gate", "Mass Effect 2", "", "", "", and "Splatterhouse".
Wolf Alice are a four-piece alternative rock band from North London, formed initially as a two-person band in 2010. Its members since 2012 are Ellie Rowsell (vocals, guitar), Joff Oddie (guitars, vocals), Theo Ellis (bass), and Joel Amey (drums, vocals).
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE (] ; born 18 November 1963) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993. He is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United, whom he captained to the 1999 UEFA Champions League to complete the Treble, and for winning UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark.
"These Boots Are Made for Walkin' is a hit song written by Lee Hazlewood and recorded by Nancy Sinatra. It charted January 22, 1966 and reached No. 1 in the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 and in the UK Singles Chart.
The 2011–12 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 44th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by third-year head coach Shaka Smart, the Rams were coming off a season marked by a run to the Final Four. Expected to finish lower in the CAA regular season standings, the Rams finished as regular season runners-up with a 15–3 conference record, before winning the 2012 CAA Men's Basketball Championship against Drexel, 59–56, earning their 11th ever berth into the NCAA Tournament. It was also the first season since 1984–85 that the Rams consecutively qualified for the NCAA Tournament.
The genus Huernia (family Apocynaceae, subfamily Asclepiadoideae) consists of stem succulents from Eastern and Southern Africa, first described as a genus in 1810. The flowers are five-lobed, usually somewhat more funnel- or bell-shaped than in the closely related genus "Stapelia", and often striped vividly in contrasting colours or tones, some glossy, others matt and wrinkled depending on the species concerned. To pollinate, the flowers attract flies by emitting a scent similar to that of carrion. The genus is considered close to the genera "Stapelia" and "Hoodia". The name is in honour of Justin Heurnius (1587–1652) a Dutch missionary who is reputed to have been the first collector of South African Cape plants. His name was actually mis-spelt by the collector.
Buck-Tick (stylized as BUCK-TICK) is a Japanese rock band, formed in Fujioka, Gunma in 1983. The group has consisted of Atsushi Sakurai (lead vocals), Hisashi Imai (guitar), Hidehiko Hoshino (guitar), Yutaka Higuchi (bass) and Toll Yagami (drums) since 1985. In their three decade career, the band has released 20 studio albums, nearly all reaching the top ten on the charts, of which three in the late eighties and early nineties topped them. They are commonly credited as one of the founders of the visual kei movement.
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser, MC (15 March 1892 – presumably on or after 8 May 1927) was a French ace pilot and adventurer, best remembered as a rival of Charles Lindbergh. Nungesser was a renowned ace in France, ranking third highest in the country with 43 air combat victories during World War I.
Freakonomics: The Movie is a 2010 American documentary film based on the 2005 book "Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything" by economist Steven D. Levitt and writer Stephen J. Dubner. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010 with a theatrical release later in the year. The film received a lukewarm reception and a 65% fresh rating at Rottentomatoes.
Screaming Trees was an American rock band formed in Ellensburg, Washington in 1985 by vocalist Mark Lanegan, guitarist Gary Lee Conner, bass player Van Conner and drummer Mark Pickerel. Pickerel had been replaced by Barrett Martin by the time the band reached its most successful period. Although widely associated with grunge, the band's sound incorporated hard rock and psychedelic elements. During Screaming Trees' existence the band released seven studio albums, five EPs, and three compilations.
The Russian Civil War (Russian: Гражда́нская война́ в Росси́и , "Grazhdanskaya voyna v Rossiyi" ; November 1917 – October 1922) was a multi-party war in the former Russian Empire immediately after the Russian Revolutions of 1917, as many factions vied to determine Russia's political future. The two largest combatant groups were the Red Army, fighting for the Bolshevik form of socialism led by Vladimir Lenin, and the loosely allied forces known as the White Army, which included diverse interests favoring monarchism, capitalism and alternative forms of socialism, each with democratic and antidemocratic variants. In addition, rival militant socialists and nonideological Green armies fought against both the Bolsheviks and the Whites. Eight foreign nations intervened against the Red Army, notably the Allied Forces and the pro-German armies. The Red Army defeated the White Armed Forces of South Russia in Ukraine and the army led by Admiral Aleksandr Kolchak in Siberia in 1919. The remains of the White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were beaten in Crimea and evacuated in late 1920. Lesser battles of the war continued on the periphery for two more years, and minor skirmishes with the remnants of the White forces in the Far East continued well into 1923. The war ended in 1923 in the sense that Red control of the newly formed Soviet Union was now assured, although armed national resistance in Central Asia was not completely crushed until 1934. There were an estimated 7,000,000–12,000,000 casualties during the war, mostly civilians. The Russian Civil War has been described by some as the greatest national catastrophe that Europe had yet seen.
The Livesey Hall War Memorial commemorates the fallen of World War I and World War II who had been employed by the South Suburban Gas Company of London. It is also a tribute to those employees who served in the wars. The monument was designed and executed by British sculptor Sydney March, of the March family of artists.
Gerald R. Ford International Airport (IATA: GRR, ICAO: KGRR, FAA LID: GRR) is a commercial airport in Cascade Township approximately 13 mi southeast of Grand Rapids, Michigan. The facility is owned by the Kent County Board of Commissioners and managed by an independent authority. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 categorized it as a small hub primary commercial service facility.
The Scotch Collie is a landrace breed of dog which originated from the highland regions of Scotland. The breed consisted of both the long-haired (now known as Rough) Collie and the short-haired (now known as Smooth) Collie. It is generally believed to have descended from a variety of ancient herding dogs, some dating back to the Roman occupation, which may have included Roman Cattle Dogs, Native Celtic Dogs and Viking Herding Spitzes. Other ancestors include the Gordon and Irish Setters.
Silene is a genus of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae. Containing approximately 700 species, it is the largest genus in the family. Common names include campion (which is shared with the related genus "Lychnis") and catchfly. Many "Silene" species are widely distributed, particularly in the northern hemisphere.
The 41st International 500-Mile Sweepstakes was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Thursday, May 30, 1957. The event was part of the 1957 USAC National Championship Trail and it was race 3 of 8 in the 1957 World Championship of Drivers.
William Keith Bostic (born January 17, 1961) is a former professional American football player who played for seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL). During his career he played safety for the Houston Oilers and the Cleveland Browns. Bostic served as the Oiler defensive captain under Jerry Glanville. He earned one Pro Bowl selection and missed another based on a tiebreaker for the last safety chosen. In his Pro Bowl season, he led the American Football Conference in interceptions.
Adeline Virginia Woolf (née Stephen; 25 January 1882 – 28 March 1941) was an English writer who is considered one of the foremost modernists of the twentieth century, and a pioneer in the use of stream of consciousness as a narrative device. Born in an affluent household in Kensington, London, she attended the King's College London and was acquainted with the early reformers of women's higher education.
Scott Parkin (born 1969, Garland, Texas is an anti-war, environmental and global justice organizer, former community college history instructor, and a founding member of the Houston Global Awareness Collective. He has been a vocal critic of the American invasion of Iraq, and of corporations such as Exxonmobil and Halliburton. Since 2006, he has worked as an campaigner for the Rainforest Action Network, organizing campaigns against Bank of America, Citibank, TXU and the Keystone XL Pipeline. He also organizes with Rising Tide North America.
Rose Arianna McGowan (born September 5, 1973) is an Italian-born American actress, film producer, director and singer. She is best known to television audiences for having played Paige Matthews in The WB supernatural drama series "Charmed" from 2001 to 2006.
"Yeah!" is a song by American singer Usher. He co-wrote the song with Sean Garrett, Patrick J. Que Smith, Robert McDowell, LRoc, Ludacris, Da'Ron, and Lil Jon. It also features guest vocals from Lil Jon and Ludacris, with the former also producing the song as well as incorporating crunk and R&B—which he coined as crunk&B—in the song's production. The song was released as the lead single from Usher's fourth studio album "Confessions" (2004) on January 27, 2004, after Usher was told by Arista Records, his label at the time, to record more tracks for the album.
The 2017–18 season is Wigan Athletic's 86th year in existence and their first back in League One, after being relegated the previous season. Along with competing in the league, the club will also participate in the FA Cup, EFL Cup and EFL Trophy. Paul Cook was appointed as manager on 31 May 2017, signing a 3 year deal, following the departure of much of the previous coaching staff the day before.
Teen Titans Go! is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans". The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts.
Oranjegekte (Orange craze) or Oranjekoorts (Orange fever) is a phenomenon in the Netherlands that occurs during major sporting events, especially international football championships, and during Koningsdag, an annual holiday celebrating the king's birthday. It manifests itself in the wearing of orange clothing such as T-shirts, caps and scarfs; lavish attention for sports and sports fans in the media; and the decoration of cars, rooms, houses, shops, and even entire streets in orange, the traditional color of the Dutch royal family, the House of Orange-Nassau.
Tromeo and Juliet is a 1996 American independent transgressive romantic comedy film and a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Romeo & Juliet" from Troma Entertainment. The film was directed by Lloyd Kaufman from a screenplay by Kaufman and James Gunn, who also served as associate director.
Robert Suettinger was United States President Bill Clinton's national intelligence officer for East Asia at the National Intelligence Council (NIC) from 1997-1998. While there, Suettinger oversaw the preparation of national intelligence estimates for the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. His areas of specialty included the People's Republic of China and the North Korean nuclear weapons program. After working in the Clinton administration, Suettinger has been a senior analyst for the Brookings Institution where he wrote the book "Beyond Tiananmen – The Politics of U.S.-China Relations, 1989-2000". He also is a senior advisor at The Stimson Center.
John "John" Alexander Florence (born 18 October 1992) is an American professional surfer. He is known as "one of the most dominant Pipe surfers of his era" and has most recently won the title of 2016 World Surf League Men's Champion, thus naming him the best surfer in the world. He is the first Hawaiian champion since 3 times world champion Andy Irons.
Sir Edmund Ronald Leach (7 November 1910 – 6 January 1989) was a British social anthropologist.
The 1925 Birthday Honours were appointments by King George V to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of the British Empire. The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of The King, and were published in "The London Gazette" on 3 June 1925.
East Lempster is an unincorporated community in the town of Lempster in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.
Against the Wind is the eleventh album by American rock singer Bob Seger and his fourth with the Silver Bullet Band. It was released in February 1980. It is Seger's only number-one album to date, spending six weeks at the top of the "Billboard" Top LPs chart, knocking Pink Floyd's "The Wall" from the top spot.
Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine is a book by Candice E. Jackson. Published by conservative publisher World Ahead Publishing on May 31, 2005, it recounts the stories of seven women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton: Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones, Gennifer Flowers, Kathleen Willey, Elizabeth Gracen, Juanita Broaddrick, and Sally Perdue.
Garajonay National Park (Spanish: "Parque nacional de Garajonay" , ] ) is located in the center and north of the island of La Gomera, one of the Canary Islands (Spain). It was declared a national park in 1981 and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986. It occupies 40 km (15 sq mi) and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.
Chris Menges BSC, ASC (born 15 September 1940) is an English cinematographer and film director. He is a member of both the American and British Societies of Cinematographers.
Why Is There Air? (1965) is Bill Cosby's third album. It was recorded at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. It won the 1966 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
The Gibson is a mixed drink made with gin and vermouth, and often garnished with a pickled onion. The oldest published recipe for the Gibson is found in the 1908 book, "The World's Drinks And How To Mix Them" by William Boothby.
The London International Documentary Festival (or LIDF) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of March and April every year. The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books.
Tysons Galleria is a three-level super-regional mall owned by General Growth Properties located at 2001 International Drive, McLean, Virginia, in Tysons Corner. It is the second-largest mall in McLean/Tysons Corner, and one of the largest in the Washington metropolitan area.
The Moroccan ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the Government in Rabat to the Government of the People's Republic of China.
Yingkou () is a prefecture-level city of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China. It is a port city of the Bohai Sea, and is the location of the mouth of the Liao River.
Leo Eric Varadkar ( ; Irish: "Leo de Varad" ;born 18 January 1979) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach, Minister for Defence and Leader of Fine Gael since June 2017. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) since 2007, currently for the Dublin West constituency. He previously served as Minister for Social Protection from 2016 to 2017, Minister for Health from 2014 to 2016 and Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport from 2011 to 2014.
Suicide is the debut album from the American rock band Suicide. It was released in 1977 on Red Star Records and produced by Craig Leon and Marty Thau. The album was recorded in four days at Ultima Sound Studios in New York and featured Martin Rev's minimalist electronics and harsh, repetitive rhythms paired with Alan Vega's rock and roll-inspired vocals and depictions of urban life.
The Democracy Is Strengthened by Casting Light On Spending in Elections Act, commonly known as the DISCLOSE Act and also known as H.R. 5175 (S.3628-Senate), was a bill introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Chris Van Hollen (D-Maryland) on April 29, 2010 and in the U.S. Senate by Charles Schumer (D-New York) on July 21, 2010.
Skin Yard was an American grunge band from Seattle, Washington, who were active from 1985 to 1993. The group never gained a mainstream audience, but were an influence on several of their grunge contemporaries, including Soundgarden, Screaming Trees, The Melvins, and Green River.
Gerard Marsden MBE (born 24 September 1942) is an English musician and television personality, best known for being leader of the British Merseybeat band Gerry and the Pacemakers.
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film based on the bestselling book series of the same name by Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi. It was directed by Mark Waters and stars Freddie Highmore, Sarah Bolger, Mary-Louise Parker, Martin Short, Nick Nolte, and Seth Rogen. Set in the Spiderwick Estate in New England, it follows the adventures of Jared Grace and his family as they discover a field guide to faeries, battle goblins, mole trolls and other magical creatures.
Mummulgum is a small rural village in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia, 740 kilometres from the state capital, Sydney. Mummulgum is located on Shannon Brook between Tenterfield and Casino on the Bruxner Highway (Highway 44). It is 58 km south-west of Kyogle with the village and surrounding area being locally administered by Kyogle Council. The nearest large town is Casino which is 27 kilometres east of Mummulgum.
Owsley Stanley (born Augustus Owsley Stanley III, January 19, 1935 – March 12, 2011) was an American audio engineer and clandestine chemist. He was a key figure in the San Francisco Bay Area hippie movement during the 1960s and played a pivotal role in the counterculture of the 1960s. Under the professional name Bear, he was the soundman for the rock band the Grateful Dead, whom he met when Ken Kesey invited them to an Acid Test party. As their sound engineer, Stanley frequently recorded live tapes behind his mixing board, designed their trademark skull logo, and developed their Wall of Sound sound system, one of the largest mobile public address systems ever constructed.
The Market Theater Gum Wall is a brick wall covered in used chewing gum, in an alleyway in downtown Seattle. It is located in Post Alley under Pike Place Market. Similar to Bubblegum Alley in San Luis Obispo, California, the Market Theater Gum Wall is a local landmark. Parts of the wall can be covered several inches thick, 15 feet high for 50 feet.
LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Deborah Dickson, Susan Frömke and Albert Maysles. It was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 74th Academy Awards.
David Ayer (born January 18, 1968) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for being the writer of "Training Day" (2001), and the director and writer of "Harsh Times" (2005), "Street Kings" (2008), "End of Watch" (2012), "Sabotage" (2014), "Fury" (2014), and "Suicide Squad" (2016).
Jillian Leigh Bell (born April 25, 1984) is an American comedian, actress, and screenwriter. She is best known for her recurring roles as Jillian Belk on "Workaholics" and Dixie on the final season of "Eastbound & Down", as well as appearing in "22 Jump Street" and "Fist Fight" (2017).
The 1974 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the Southwest Conference during the 1974 NCAA Division I football season. In their fifth and final season under head coach Jim Carlen, the Red Raiders compiled a 6–4–2 record (3–4 against conference opponents), finished in sixth place in the conference, and outscored opponents by a combined total of 193 to 158. The team's statistical leaders included Tommy Duniven with 552 passing yards, Larry Isaac with 671 rushing yards, and Lawrence Williams with 477 receiving yards. The team played its home games at Clifford B. & Audrey Jones Stadium.
Roberta Vinci (] ; born 18 February 1983) is an Italian tennis player. Up until 6 April 2015, she held the position of World No. 1 in doubles, while reaching a career-high of World No. 7 in singles in May 2016. She is the fourth Italian woman to have reached the top 10 in singles, together with Flavia Pennetta, Francesca Schiavone and Sara Errani. At 33 years and 4 days old, she is also the oldest ever player to make her first appearance in the Top 10.
Ian David Karslake Watkins (born 30 July 1977) is a Welsh singer, musician, and convicted sex offender. He achieved prominence as a founding member, lead vocalist, and lyricist of the rock band Lostprophets. Lostprophets disbanded in 2013 after Watkins was charged with sexual offences in late 2012. In November 2013, he pleaded guilty to 13 charges, including the attempted rape and sexual assault of a child under 13; these offences were committed against the infant children of two women who were also convicted. He was subsequently jailed for 29 years and ordered to serve a further six years on extended licence.
Marco Da Silva (born May, 30th, 1977), is a Portuguese dancer and choreographer. He was born in Bremen, Germany in a family of Portuguese descent. His experience as a dancer includes several tours by Kylie Minogue, promotional tours for Minogue's singles ("Wow", In My Arms") and Britney Spears's "Femme Fatale Tour". His dancing experience also includes ex-Spice Girl Geri Haliwell, TV commercials for Coca Cola, films as "The Muppets – The Musical Movie", and music videos such as Kylie Minogue's "All I See", "In My Arms", Mariah Carey's "Thank God I Found You", Erika Jayne's "Pretty Mess", Ninel Conde's "Vivir Asi", and George Michael's "25 Tour".
David "Bruce" Spizer (born July 2, 1955) is a tax attorney in New Orleans, Louisiana, who is also recognized as an expert on The Beatles. He has published eight books, and is frequently quoted as an authority on the history of the band and its recordings.
David Yates (born (1963--)08 1963 ) is an English filmmaker who has directed feature films, short films, and television productions.
Marcus Wayne Garland (born October 26, 1950) is a retired American right-handed pitcher who spent nine seasons from 1973 to 1981 in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Baltimore Orioles (1973–1976) and Cleveland Indians (1977–1981). He was one of 24 ballplayers who profited from the advent of MLB free agency following the 1976 season. A torn rotator cuff rendered his playing career into a cautionary tale of the risks of signing pitchers to free-agent contracts of seven years or longer. The article outlined how Garland was constantly criticized by Cleveland's incompetent management for not living up to his contract (even though his decline in performance was entirely due to a serious arm injury that could not be fixed effectively by mid-1970's sports medicine) and had fans savagely booing him and even vandalizing his car during games.
The Argand lamp, a kind of oil lamp, was invented and patented in 1780 by Aimé Argand. Its output is 6 to 10 candela, brighter than that of earlier lamps. Its more complete combustion of the candle wick and oil than in other lamps required much less frequent trimming of the wick.
Laeliocattleya is a nothogenus of intergeneric orchid hybrids descended from the parental genera "Laelia" and "Cattleya". It is abbreviated Lc. in the horticultural trade.
The Battle of Manila (February 3, 1945 – March 3, 1945) was a major battle of the Philippine campaign of 1944-45, during the Second World War. It was fought by American and Filipino forces against Japanese troops in Manila, the capital city of the Philippines. The month-long battle, which resulted in the death of over 100,000 civilians and the complete devastation of the city, was the scene of the worst urban fighting in the Pacific theater. Japanese forces committed mass murder against Filipino civilians during the battle. Along with massive loss of life, the battle also destroyed architectural and cultural heritage dating back to the city's foundation. The battle ended the almost three years of Japanese military occupation in the Philippines (1942–1945). The city's capture was marked as General Douglas MacArthur's key to victory in the campaign of reconquest.
Old Trafford is an area of Stretford, in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, 2 mi southwest of Manchester city centre. The crossroads sites of two old toll gates roughly delineate the borders of the area: Brooks's Bar to the east and Trafford Bar to the west.
Australia submitted an unsuccessful bid for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. On 2 December 2010 FIFA announced that the event would be held in Qatar. Australia also lodged a bid for the 2018 World Cup, but withdrew the bid on 10 June 2010. The 2018 and 2022 World Cups will be the 21st and 22nd editions of the FIFA World Cup. The bidding procedure to host both the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup began in January 2009, and national associations had until 2 February 2009 to register their interest. The bid was presented by Frank Lowy, Ben Buckley, Quentin Bryce and Elle Macpherson. However, due to controversies of Qatar hosting, Australia's bid is possible if FIFA decides to strip Qatar's 2022 hosting rights.
The Soloist is a 2009 British-American drama film directed by Joe Wright, and starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey, Jr.. It is based on the true story of Nathaniel Ayers, a musician who developed schizophrenia and became homeless. The screenplay by Susannah Grant is based on the book, "The Soloist" by Steve Lopez.
Bishop Carroll Catholic High School is a private high school located in Wichita, Kansas, United States. Along with Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School, it is one of two Catholic high schools in the city, part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wichita.
The 2016 Michigan Democratic primary took place on March 8 in the U.S. state of Michigan as one of the Democratic Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
Togodumnus (d. AD 43) was a historical king of the British Catuvellauni tribe at the time of the Roman conquest. He can probably be identified with the legendary British king Guiderius.
New York's 1st State Senate district is one of 62 districts of the New York State Senate. It is currently represented by Senator Kenneth LaValle (R).
The City of Newcastle is a local government area in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. The City of Newcastle incorporates much of the area of the Newcastle metropolitan area.
Francisco Gaudencio Lope Belardo Mañalac (born March 21, 1976), popularly known as Bamboo Mañalac or simply by the mononym Bamboo, is a Filipino American musician and singer-songwriter. He began his career as vocalist and original frontman of Rivermaya and later fronted his own band, Bamboo. Bamboo band disbanded in 2011 and Mañalac then pursued a solo career and released his first solo album, "No Water, No Moon".
Hatton Hill is a mountain landform in Angus, Scotland and is the most easterly peak of the Sidlaw Hills. Hatton Castle stands on the flanks of Hatton Hill above the village of Newtyle.
Randall Cunningham II, sometimes Randall Cunningham, Jr., (born January 4, 1996) is an American collegiate high jumper for the USC Trojans Men's track & field team who will be a senior during the 2017–18 school year. He was a high jumper and quarterback at Bishop Gorman High School. He is a five-time Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association (NIAA) state champion (three times in track and twice in football). He is a NCAA Outdoor Track Champion and 2-time All-American, U.S. Junior National Champion and Pan American Junior Athletics Championships Champion.
"See Yourself" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released on his 1976 album "Thirty Three & 1/3". Harrison began writing the song in 1967, while he was a member of the Beatles, in response to the public outcry surrounding bandmate Paul McCartney's admission that he had taken the hallucinogenic drug LSD. McCartney's announcement created a reaction in the press similar to that caused in 1966 by John Lennon's statement that the Beatles were more popular than Christianity. In its finished form, the song's lyrics advocate self-awareness and consideration for the consequences of one's actions. Musically, the composition contains unusual shifts in time signature from standard 4/4 to 9/8, while the songwords reflect the era of its genesis by recalling themes first espoused in the Beatles tracks "Within You Without You" and "All You Need Is Love".
The 60th National Hockey League All-Star Game was an exhibition ice hockey game played on January 25, 2015. The game was held in Columbus, Ohio, for the first time, at Nationwide Arena, home of the Columbus Blue Jackets. The team captains were chosen by NHL Hockey Operations: Nick Foligno of the All-Star Game-hosting Blue Jackets served as captain for the home team, and Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks served for the away team. Team Toews won the game 17–12, as the teams and players broke a variety of All-Star Game scoring records.
The Importance of Being Icelandic is a 1998 documentary film by the filmmaker Jon Gustafsson (born in Iceland and living in Canada) that traces the steps of three Icelandic Canadians on a different quest of discovering their Icelandic heritage by going to Iceland. In addition to their time in Iceland, he returns with them to Canada and captures their reactions of the Islendingadagurinn celebrated each year at Gimli. The contrasts in perspective between his viewpoint on Canadian culture and that of three Icelandic-Canadians on a quest for their ancestral heritage is at the centre of the documentary.
The Oregon Ducks football program is a college football team for the University of Oregon, located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The team competes at the NCAA Division I level in the FBS and is a member of the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12). Known as the Ducks, the team was commonly called the Webfoots until the mid-1960s. The first football team was fielded in 1894. Oregon plays its home games at the 54,000 seat Autzen Stadium in Eugene; its main rivals are the Oregon State Beavers and the Washington Huskies. The Ducks and Beavers historically end each regular season with the Civil War rivalry game in late November.
"Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More" is a double-length episode of the American television series "Will & Grace"' s fifth season. It was written by Jeff Greenstein and Bill Wrubel and directed by series producer James Burrows. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on November 21, 2002. Guest stars in "Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More" include Harry Connick Jr., Katie Couric, Judith Ivey, and Debbie Reynolds.
Wendell Erdman Berry (born August 5, 1934) is an American novelist, poet, environmental activist, cultural critic, and farmer. A prolific author, he has written many novels, short stories, poems, and essays. He is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers, a recipient of The National Humanities Medal, and the Jefferson Lecturer for 2012. He is also a 2013 Fellow of The American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Berry was named the recipient of the 2013 Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award. On January 28, 2015, he became the first living writer to be inducted into the Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.
Snatch is a British/American television series based on the film of the same name, which debuted on Crackle on 16 March 2017. The show has been renewed for a second season.
American Beauty is a 1999 American drama film directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball. Kevin Spacey stars as Lester Burnham, a 42-year-old advertising executive who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend, Angela (Mena Suvari). Annette Bening co-stars as Lester's materialistic wife, Carolyn, and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter, Jane. Wes Bentley, Chris Cooper, and Allison Janney also feature. The film is described by academics as a satire of American middle-class notions of beauty and personal satisfaction; analysis has focused on the film's explorations of romantic, and paternal love, sexuality, beauty, materialism, self-liberation, and redemption.
Gal Gadot-Varsano (Hebrew: גל גדות‎ ‎ , ] ; born April 30, 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. Gadot is primarily known for her role as Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe. She started with "" (2016), continued again in 2017 as the lead in "Wonder Woman", and will reprise the role in "Justice League". She previously appeared as Gisele Yashar in several films of "The Fast and the Furious" franchise.
The Polar Bears is a 2012 3D computer animated short film presented by The Coca-Cola Company, produced by Ridley Scott, written by David Reynolds, and directed by John Stevenson. The film features the voices of Lin-Manuel Miranda, Armie Hammer, Jonathan Adams, and Megyn Price. The film is based on Coca-Cola's iconic polar bears and was released on the company's website and YouTube channel on December 31, 2012.
Wahab Riaz (Punjabi, Urdu: ‎ ; born 28 June 1985) is a Pakistani cricketer. He is a left-arm fast bowler and a right-hand batsman. He frequently bowls at speeds of around 90 mph and has reached 96 mph .
Dame Penelope Margaret Lively DBE FRSL (born 17 March 1933) is a British writer of fiction for both children and adults. She has won both the Booker Prize ("Moon Tiger", 1987) and the Carnegie Medal for British children's books ("The Ghost of Thomas Kempe", 1973).
The 1984 Tennessee Volunteers football team (variously "Tennessee", "UT" or the "Vols") represented the University of Tennessee in the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season. Playing as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), the team was led by head coach Johnny Majors, in his eighth year, and played their home games at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee. They finished the season with a record of seven wins, four losses and one tie (7–4–1 overall, 3–3 in the SEC) and a loss against Maryland in the Sun Bowl. The Volunteers offense scored 327 points while the defense allowed 276 points.
Beverly Marshall is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". The character was originally played by Lisa Armytage and she made her first on-screen appearance on 6 July 1987. Shaunna O'Grady took over from Armytage and began playing the character from 16 March 1989 until her departure on 5 September 1990. Beverly is a doctor and was Jim Robinson's second wife. O'Grady reprised her role of Beverly in 2005 to help celebrate "Neighbours"<nowiki>'</nowiki> 20th anniversary, she made a cameo in Annalise Hartman's documentary on Ramsay Street.
Dazhou () is a prefecture-level city in the northeast corner of Sichuan province, China, bordering Shaanxi to the north and Chongqing to the east and south. 2002 population was 384,525.
The Thing of It Is... is a 1967 novel written by William Goldman about Amos McCracken, a 31-year-old man who has written a popular show tune and who is having marriage troubles.
The Øresund or Öresund Region (Danish: "Øresundsregionen" ; Swedish: "Öresundsregionen" ] ) is a transnational metropolitan area in northern Europe, centred around the Øresund strait and the two cities which lie on either side, Copenhagen, Denmark and Malmö, Sweden. The region is connected by the Øresund Bridge, which spans the strait at its southern end, and the HH Ferry route between Elsinore, Denmark (Danish: "Helsingør") and Helsingborg, Sweden at the narrowest point of the strait.
Marsilea is a genus of approximately 65 species of aquatic ferns of the family Marsileaceae. The name honours Italian naturalist Luigi Ferdinando Marsili (1656–1730).
United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc., 334 US 131 (1948) (also known as the Hollywood Antitrust Case of 1948, the Paramount Case, the Paramount Decision or the Paramount Decree) was a landmark United States Supreme Court antitrust case that decided the fate of movie studios owning their own theatres and holding exclusivity rights on which theatres would show their films. It would also change the way Hollywood movies were produced, distributed, and exhibited. The Court held in this case that the existing distribution scheme was in violation of the antitrust laws of the United States, which prohibit certain exclusive dealing arrangements.
Logan International Airport (IATA: BOS, ICAO: KBOS, FAA LID: BOS) , officially known as General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport, is an international airport located in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States (and partly in the town of Winthrop, Massachusetts). It covers 2384 acre , has six runways and four passenger terminals, and employs an estimated 16,000 people. It is the largest airport in the New England region and 17th-busiest airport in the United States, with 33.5 million total passengers in 2015. It is named after General Edward Lawrence Logan. In 2016, Massport reported an 8.5% increase in passenger traffic comparing 2015 to 2016, giving the airport a total of about 36.3 million passengers.
Ehretia is a genus of flowering plants in the borage family, Boraginaceae. It contains about 50 species. The generic name honors German botanical illustrator Georg Dionysius Ehret (1708–1770).
Harry Prowell A.A.(10 July 1936 – 27 June 2000) was a Guyanese long distance runner who represented Guyana in the Marathon at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. He is known to be one of the greatest Marathon runners Guyana has ever produced, setting the national record in 1968. To date, he is the only Guyanese ever to compete in the Marathon at the Summer Olympic Games and one of the most prominent Indo-Caribbean long distance runners of his time. He also participated in the 10,000 metres at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada and represented Guyana at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.
